INSTALL $Date: 2000/01/25 17:14:39 $ $Revision: 1.7 $
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
FMMUF 1.0.2 (Alpha Release)
---------
  Warning: Some of these libs require Glow 3.0.0 or later.   You were going to
upgrade, weren't you? 
  The following have to be installed FIRST (before all other programs/libs) in
this order:

cmd-register
lib-glow-standard
lib-strings
lib-stackrng
lib-lmgr
lib-edit
lib-editor
lib-match
lib-mesg
lib-mesgbox
lib-look
lib-reflist
lib-index
lib-case
lib-mpi
lib-connects
lib-showlist
lib-userprop

	At this point, if you're going to install cmd-path, you should do
so now.  (Hopefully you've not done any building...).  Then you can
install the rest of the programs as you wish.  
	Be sure to @tune path_prog=<dbref of path prog> after installing
cmd-path.
	NOTE: These installation scripts assume that the player installing
the programs is a Wizard.  They also assume that any global actions made
are to be made in the room that Wizard is standing in.  So If you want all
your global actions to be stored in a specific room, be sure to
be in that room when quoting them.
	To install a program or library, simply quote it to the Glow server,
using tinyfugue's /quote feature, or something equivalent.

Comments about some other programs:
  cmd-path:
    This program requires lib-userprop.

  cmd-cinfo:
    This program requires you have cmd-find and cmd-laston installed to
    function properly.

  cmd-emotion:
    The @action for it was starting to be a nuisance, besides, some of you
    may not want the default set of emotion/global/socials, so the action
    and it's props are stored separately in 'cmd-emotion-exit'.  Note that
    it is at least useful in seeing what props are set by -setup new.
    DO NOT EDIT THE FILE 'CMD-EMOTION-EXIT' WITH PICO!!!!!! You will mess
    up the @action line, since pico will try to wrap the long line.

  cmd-compass:
    This program requires that you install a current version of cmd-path to
    function correctly.

  cmd-bbs:
    This program requires that you have con-bbsindex installed to function
    correctly.
   
  cmd-enterdesc:
    This program requires cmd-lsedit.

  cmd-watch/con-watch: 
    These programs need to be installed together.

  cmd-page:
    This program requires lib-userprop.  You'll also need to use the wpsetup
    command to setup a userpropdir for it (wpsetup add cmd-page=p).  Don't
    forget to use page #setup.

  cmd-tell:
    You need cmd-page installed beofre this program will work.

  cmd-pcreate:
  cmd-mufrestart:
    On GlowMuck 3.0.1, this program needs to be 'owned' by a w3/w4 and
    cannot be owned by #1 (The Man).  Both of thes use the force prim,
    and #1 cannot be forced.

  cmd-archive:
    Can't be used by #1 to archive programs on glowmuck 3.0.1.  cmd-archive
    uses the force prim to @list programs, and #1 cannot be forced.

  cmd-conhistory:
    Requires a current version of cmd-page to be installed.

  con-guest:
    If you're not using con-caller, don't forget to set a ~connect prop
    for this program.  You will also need to set the GS string in the program
    to whatever names you want for your guests.  Then create the guest
    characters named xxx_Guest using all but one of the names you've chosen.
    Then create a 'Guest' (no name_) character.  Set all of these characters
    'G' and set their /@/id prop to 'Guest'.  All done.

  con-caller (con all connect):
    There is a section of code commented out.  This section is used on
    legacy to make sure folks have read all the new user and policy info.
    Since most mucks don't have the room that this uses, I commented it
    out by default.  Keep in mind this program calls several others,
    I'd look it over before using it, and see if you actually need it.
    Programs it will need to be installed: con-guest, cmd-announce, cmd-page,
    and con-watch.

	The only one of these libraries or muf-programs I "wrote" is the
lib-glow-standard one (which is mostly just a cut n' paste of the macros
that are commonly used in the muf programs).  All others are either taken
from the glowmuf distribution or the fbmuf distribution.  I'm leaving any
existing credits/author/copyright information intact as well as adding any
that I may discover or find out later on.

   Okay, I added cmd-ic-ooc, a quick hack to utilize the ic-in-who code.

